Where can I charge my car?
Where can I quickly charge my car?
I want to charge my car, is there a station nearby?
I am looking for the closest charging station.
What is the closest charging station?
Find the closest charging station around me.
What is the closest station around me?
Charge my car. Is there a station nearby?
What is the closest station around here?
Can I charge my car?
I want to charge my car, is there a station nearby?
Is there a station nearby?
I want to charge my car. Is there a station nearby?
Yeah, I want to charge my car. Is there a station nearby?
Where can I charge my car?
where can I quickly charge my car?
I want to charge my car. Is there a station nearby?
I want to charge my car is the station
I want to charge my car  Is there a station nearby?
Find the closest station around me.
find a station around me
Merci d'avoir regardé la vidéo de fin 25 an.
I want to charge my car
Find the closest station around me.
Find a station around me
Find a station around me
I want to charge my car
Find several stations around me.
Find a station around me
I want to charge my car. Is there a station nearby?
Find a station around me
Find the closest station around here
Find a station around me.
Find a station around me
Find the closest station around me.
I want to have fun.
I want to play
Find some places where can I play
Find the closest restaurant around me.
Find the close at the restaurant
suggest me some places where can I play
Find the closest station around me
suggest me some restaurant around me
Suggest me some restaurant snack bite.
Suggest me some restaurants nearby
suggest me some places where can I play cricket
Suggest me some restaurants from a location
Let me some places where can I play basketball
So I just need some rest friends around me
Suggest me some restaurant around me
Find a place where I can have fun.
Find a place where you can have fun.
Suggest me a place where can I have fun?
Find a place where can I eat.
Charge my car. Is there a station nearby?
I want to charge my car. Is there a station nearby?
Let me some restaurant from a location
Adjust me some restaurants from my location
Suggest me some restaurant for my location.
Let's meet some restaurants from my location.
Suggest me some restaurant for my location.
Just me some restaurant from my location.
I just miss some places where I can have fun.
Lise mig et blis, hvor jeg kan have fænne.
It's me in place where can I have fun?
Let me please, where can I have fun?
Just me, a place we're gonna have fun.
This is me in a place where I can have fun.
Je vais charger ma voiture, est-ce qu'elle est stationnée ?
You want to charge my car? Is there a station nearby?
I want to judge my car. Is there a station nearby?
I want to charge my car. Is there a station nearby?
Ajuda-me a cara.
Monta o char de micá!
To judge, Maica, este esteșo nebai?
Judge my car, is there a station nearby?
Je veux juger ma voiture. Est-ce qu'il n'y a pas de station?
I want to charge my car. Is the station nearby?
Натюмайка, издай стейшон не бъй?
Bine ajungea carul meu, este stasul nebari?
I want to charge my car, is there a station nearby?
...zapravljati moj kar, da je stesno nebaj?
I'm going to charge my car. Is there a station nearby?
Some restaurants around me
Suggest me some restaurants around me.
It's me at a restaurant.
So just meet your restaurant
Jest mi restaurant.
Yes, me a restaurant.
Let's me your restaurant.
